Documentation updates (#59)
Bisonai/orakl-docs: en/node-operators-guide/proof-of-reserve.md

Every proof of reserve has configuration that describes the least frequent update interval called `heartbeat`, and minimum deviation threshold (`deviationTreshold`).

The **Orakl Network Proof of Reserve** operates as a streamlined, single-process system, easily triggered by a Cron job. The initial phase involves retrieving the most recent `roundId` and `PoR value` from the Proof of Reserve `Aggregator contract`. Subsequently, the process assesses eligibility for submission through a combination of the `Heartbeat Check` and `Deviation Check`. If either condition is met, the final step involves fetching data from the `API resource` and reporting the next round to the `POR contract`. This cohesive workflow ensures efficient and timely execution of the `Proof of Reserve` process.

> The code is located under [`core` directory](https://github.com/Bisonai/orakl/tree/master/core/src/por).

Reviewer: @nick-bisonai Can you please update the link as well 🙏

## Configuration

Before we launch the **Orakl Network Proof of Reserve**, we must specify [several environment variables](https://github.com/Bisonai/orakl/blob/master/node/.env.example). The environment variables are automatically loaded from a `.env` file.

```.env
# POR
POR_REPORTER_PK=
POR_CHAIN=
POR_PROVIDER_URL=
# (optional) defaults to 3000
POR_PORT=
```

- `POR_REPORTER_PK`: designated por reporter's pk, should be whitelisted from the aggregator contract
- `POR_CHAIN`: chain name of POR (`baobab` or `cypress`)
- `POR_PROVIDER_URL`: json rpc url to be used for reading and submitting onchain
- `POR_PORT`: port to be used for healthcheck (defaults to `3000`)

## Launch

> Setup environment variable for orakl node before lunch, readme files can be found [here](https://github.com/Bisonai/orakl/blob/master/node/README.md)

Reviewer: Just suggestion

```suggestion
Befor launch, setup environment variables required by Orakl Node. You can find detailed explanation at [Orakl Node README](https://github.com/Bisonai/orakl/blob/master/node/README.md).
```

> from ./node path run following command

Reviewer: Just suggestion

```suggestion
To launch Proof Of Reserve navigate to `node` directory and execute the command below.
```
